This year is a year that we are
posting much on the national kick in the
publisher today she makes two birthday
years of home in it was created two
years ago
officially before already did much
market research and it is new that
year will also be a major investment
in the national hospital a lot of people are
launching now that it's fantastic with two
books neca guards of the dudu hawk and
the garibaldi Andrew month already
there will be another national book that
would be 10 love songs from paulo
week already out the second book in
christine nerds or by your eyes
the second in November will leave the
third book of Christine that we
we will launch the biennial of ceará and
The end of the year I think it's still going to leave
but the two nationals besides those
International being expected
There is a time we will give.
continuity in the wise
in fact the book is international gives a
little more work because of the
part of the translation of the book in
Portuguese is ready, you just need
a review and everything then is the time of
gestation of the book outside is a bit
bigger
really for that reason i believe
that in the future this comes the footprint of
part of the market, and reading ends
transforming into something same day of
take under your arm and put a thousand
books inside your device you go
Wherever you want with your neighbors.
carrying a suitcase and has the issue
of practicality I think it's Brazil yet
have to get used to the idea I think
which is such a little thing more than
kind of medium to long term we will
end up adopting this idea really
is working is edited selling
the books also in this format and the
reader will get used to it because
voter who has not yet down his foot
is the little book there that attacked by taking the
book does not have a blog that is called a scent
because it is really a culture
it is with the material at hand it was
walking but I think in the very middle future
in the long run this will end if
inverting
each publisher has a way of seeing the
self-published author
some think it burns the movie because
he already showed the one that came if it sold
if you have not sold everyone you know if the
she will try to leave or not the
suddenly there is a fear with part of the
editor is looking to work with a
a work that has already been launched
Mota is another on-demand publisher.
there is some fear at least of the
part of me that gets people thinking
Has the book already sold out?
possibility to sell you as a person
said he will open 600 copies will he
will have 600 more people wanting to read
this book his audience has run out
there it 's something we talk about
much about it inside that is from
author is to know what he is
wanting nfsl posted or if he wants
have a publisher who embraces his idea
and launches the book from the beginning
finally changing the book market by making the
most attractive book is not selling
depends on each publisher I already
I'd rather get the raw book and work
with the book Create an image Create the
our create frame cover choose
Who are the partners for anyway?
work of the book not only germinate
get that product ready and suddenly
Already sold what had to have
sold and I will not add anything in the
because it has already been released
cried, say so
So it depends a lot on the publisher I
I prefer to follow the product from the
beginning until the book is released and
distributed in bookstores